Operator Framework charm writing guide (#135)
canonical/operator: README.md

This framework is not yet stable and is subject to change, but is available
for early testing.

# Getting Started

## Table of contents

[Introduction](##Introduction)

[Charm Creation](##Charm%20Creation)

## Introduction

### Juju and Charms

> The Charm Operator Framework is the companion to [Juju](https://jaas.ai/docs/what-is-juju) charms are the workers, and juju is the orchestrator, together they encapsulate the complexity of Day zero through to day three operations away from the user making infrastructure as a code a reality.

Reviewer: We don't need to sell people on Juju here, I don't think. If they're looking at the framework, they already know Juju and its benefits.

```suggestion
The Charm Operator Framework is the companion to [Juju](https://jaas.ai/docs/what-is-juju). Charms are operators, software that runs software. Juju is the orchestrator, the tool that manages operators. The framework greatly simplifies writing and maintaining charms.
```

Author: Is that a safe assuption though? When we're talking about the operator framework with customers we're talking about the operator framework, sometimes we're simply mentioning Juju whilst focusing on the benefits of the Framework. Does it really hurt to give people more info? I personally had no idea about the relationship between the two and found it difficult to find this in the docs.

Reviewer: As a principle, a usage guide should be a usage guide. People reading these docs want to know about how to write a charm.

I am a little uneasy about the idea of the framework being the entry point into the community.. but I guess I've misinterpreted the intention here?

> The charm operator framework was created to answer this not just for VM/Baremetal scenario but for containers also.

Reviewer: "charm operator framework" needs capitals.

Author: Thanks!

> The charm operator framework was created to answer this not just for VM/Baremetal scenario but for containers also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Charm Operator Framework was created to support workloads running in containers, as well as virtual machines and bare metal.
```

Here is a diagram of how juju and charms work together:

![Juju and charms](./diagrams/juju_charms.png)

## Charm Creation Quick Start

> There are currently two types of Charm, IAAS charms and Kubernetes (K8s) charms.

Reviewer: General comment: charm should not be capitalised.

Author: many thanks!

> There are currently two types of Charm, IAAS charms and Kubernetes (K8s) charms.

Reviewer: Adding that statement isn't really a "quickstart". We should take an opinionated view once we've indicated that people are going to work through a tutorial. Perhaps move to the introduction?

Author: Moved
